Designing Designing  Designing  Designing  Designing  Designing class object. A question on LinkedList. The Data Scientist will work closely with product managers, engineers and analytics team members to enhance design, development, and delivery of new and existing analytic solutions to our healthcare clients.Are you going tonight? Dad asks. I was planning to. It
depends if they shut down the whole state on account of the
snow. It is approaching a blizzard, Dad says, pointing to a
single snowflake floating its way to the earth. Im also supposed
to rehearse with some pianist from the college that Professor
Christie dug up. Professor Christie, a retired music teacher at
the university who Ive been working with for the last few years,
is always looking for victims for me to play with. Keep you sharp
so you can show all those Juilliard snobs how its really done,
she says. I havent gotten into Juilliard yet, but my audition
went really well. The Bach suite and the Shostakovich had both
flown out of me like never before, like my fingers were just an
extension of the strings and bow. When Id finished playing,
panting, my legs shaking from pressing together so hard, one
judge had clapped a little, which I guess doesnt happen very
often. As Id shuffled out, that same judge had told me that it
had been a long time since the school had seen an Oregon country
girl. Professor Christie had taken that to mean a guaranteed
acceptance. I wasnt so sure that was true. And I wasnt 100
percent sure that I wanted it to be true. Just like with Shooting
Stars meteoric rise, my admission to Juilliardif it happenswill
create certain complications, or, more accurately, would compound
the complications that have already cropped up in the last few
months. I need more coffee. Anyone else? Mom asks, hovering over
me with the ancient percolator. I sniff the coffee, the rich,
black, oily French roast we all prefer. The smell alone perks me
up. Im pondering going back to bed, I say. My cellos at school,
so I cant even practice. Not practice? For twenty-four hours? Be
still, my broken heart, Mom says. Though she has acquired a taste
