Design  Design  Design an oops scenario (given by them) and explain why you used certain features.Designing class object. A question on LinkedList. The key to our success lies in recruiting talented, passionate employees. A commitment to delivering exceptional results while working as a team drives our daily efforts. We are actively seeking employees who are interested in an innovative, energetic and collaborative working environment.Dad and I guffaw at the same time. Mom makes
cereal and toast. Dads the cook in the family. Pretending not to
hear us, she reaches into the cabinet for a box of Bisquick.
Please. How hard can it be? Who wants pancakes? I do! I do!
Teddy yells. Can we have chocolate chips in them? I dont see why
not, Mom replies. Woo hoo! Teddy yelps, waving his arms in the
air. You have far too much energy for this early in the morning,
I tease. I turn to Mom. Maybe you shouldnt let Teddy drink so
much coffee. Ive switched him to decaf, Mom volleys back. Hes
just naturally exuberant. As long as youre not switching me to
decaf, I say. That would be child abuse, Dad says. Mom hands me
a steaming mug and the newspaper. Theres a nice picture of your
young man in there, she says. Really? A picture? Yep. Its about
the most weve seen of him since summer, Mom says, giving me a
sidelong glance with her eyebrow arched, her version of a
soul-searching stare. I know, I say, and then without meaning
to, I sigh. Adams band, Shooting Star, is on an upward spiral,
which, is a great thingmostly. Ah, fame, wasted on the youth,
Dad says, but hes smiling. I know hes excited for Adam. Proud
even. I leaf through the newspaper to the calendar section.
Theres a small blurb about Shooting Star, with an even smaller
picture of the four of them, next to a big article about Bikini
and a huge picture of the bands lead singer: punk-rock diva
Brooke Vega. The bit about them basically says that local band
Shooting Star is opening for Bikini on the Portland leg of
Bikinis national tour. It doesnt mention the even-bigger-to-me
news that last night Shooting Star headlined at a club in Seattle
and, according to the text Adam sent me at midnight, sold out the
place. Are you going tonight? Dad asks. I was planning to.